Traktor Kontrol S3: update control descriptions for library encoder (#884)
mixxxdj/manual: source/hardware/controllers/native_instruments_traktor_kontrol_s3.md

| Control                                    |  Description |
| --- | --- |
| Library encoder rotate                     |  In main list: move track selection up/down. In search: browse search history. In tree: move selection up/down. |
| {hwlabel}`SHIFT` + Library encoder rotate  |  In main list: move columns left/right. In search: move cursor left/right. In tree: expand/collapse folder/collection. |

> | Library encoder press                      |  In main list: load track on selected deck. In search: move to main list. In tree: expand/collapse folder/collection. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Library encoder rotate                     |  In track list: move track selection up/down. In search: browse search history. In tree: move selection up/down. |
| {hwlabel}`SHIFT` + Library encoder rotate  |  In track list: move columns left/right. In search: move cursor left/right. In tree: expand/collapse folder/collection. |
| Library encoder press                      |  In track list: load track on selected deck. In search: move to track list. In tree: expand/collapse folder/collection. |
```

| {hwlabel}`SHIFT` + Library encoder press   |  Eject track. |
| Small play button                          |  While held, plays the current track in the preview deck.  If you rotate the library encoder while you hold the {hwlabel}`PLAY` button, Mixxx will scan through the track being previewed. |

> | Star button                                |  In main list : sorts the table based on the selected column. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Star button                                |  In track list : sorts the table based on the selected column. |
```
